Today my name is Shingi and I'm
presenting my.
Project my assignment. I'm doing
the smart building and I'm going
to share my screen to show the
work that I have done.
OK.
So.
Here.
You can see that I've got my
application that I've got here.
I'm going to open it and run it.
SP assignment we had coded.
The username and the password.
So welcome to the Smart building
application. You press OK you
put in the username.
Which is user and persuade 1234.
OK, log in is successful once
the login is successful you can
go on to 10 online 8:10 alarm on
Enable security, play music or
whatever you want. So if you
choose to turn on lights then
the lights will be turned on. If
you choose to turn on alarm it
will be turned on. If you in in
Enable security it will. If you
play music it plays music.
And if you press the exit
buttons, it exits and the same
thing happens if you put in a
wrong card, you cannot proceed.
Or if you put in a wrong
username or a young wrong
password. So for instance if you
put in a wrong password or the
wrong username, it will not go
through, then it will fail that
specifically the application for
the smart building the
assignment wanted us to
implement.
The G.
The GRPC.
Yes, here is the GRPC and all
these dependencies have been
copied as indicated and they can
be shown here.
If you Scroll down then you see
all the dependencies that we
done and we also.
Head to indicate the proto or
the smart building proto.
They it is and.
These are our protocols where we
have the log in, log out the
turn on lights, alarm on in
Nepal security and the play
music. That's the Internet. Then
the last one is the saver. So
the saver is here.
Is indicated we have imported.
They Jupiter GRPC server, the
server builder and the stub.
This is what we needed the
assignment further or needed us
to do the process which are
indicated here we imported the
protos and we have logged in in
and here they are. But
unfortunately mine is putting up
an error. I could not proceed
through but this is what was
needed by the assignment.
Thank you.